net: lib: wifi_mgmt_ext (#9261)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/wifi_mgmt_ext.rst

.. _wifi_mgmt_ext:

WiFi Management Extension
#########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The WiFi Management Extension adds an automatic connection feature to the WiFi stack.

Overview
********

The automatic connection feature is implemented by adding a `NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED` command to Zephyr's WiFi L2 Layer.
Credentials are pulled from :ref:`_lib_wifi_credentials`.

Configuration
*************

> To use the WiFi credentials library, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_MGMT_EXT` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Wi-Fi credentials library, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_MGMT_EXT` Kconfig option.
```

For development purposes, you can set a static WiFi credentials configuration with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_SSID`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_PASSWORD`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_TYPE`.

Limitations
***********

> 

Reviewer: The library has the following limitations:

Author: done

> * This library can only be used with Nordic's `hostap`-based WiFi stack. WiFi configuration is highly vendor-specific.
> * The commands `NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT` and `NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED` clear the list of configured WiFi networks in RAM.
> Automatic connection has to be requested again after directly requesting connection to a specific network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It can only be used with Nordic's ``hostap``-based Wi-Fi stack.
  The WiFi configuration is highly vendor-specific.
* The commands ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT`` and ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED`` clear the list of configured Wi-Fi networks in RAM.
  Automatic connection has to be requested again after directly requesting connection to a specific network.
```

.. _wifi_mgmt_ext:

Wi-Fi management extension
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Wi-Fi management extension library adds an automatic connection feature to the Wi-Fi stack.

Overview
********

The automatic connection feature is implemented by adding a ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED`` command to Zephyr's Wi-Fi L2 Layer.

> Credentials are pulled from the :ref:`lib_wifi_credentials` library.

Author: I added a Usage section to the rst docs.

.. _wifi_mgmt_ext:

Wi-Fi management extension
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Wi-Fi management extension library adds an automatic connection feature to the Wi-Fi stack.

Overview
********

The automatic connection feature is implemented by adding a ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED`` command to Zephyr's Wi-Fi L2 Layer.
Credentials are pulled from the :ref:`lib_wifi_credentials` library.

Configuration
*************

> To use the Wi-Fi credentials library, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_MGMT_EXT` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this library, enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_MGMT_EXT` Kconfig option.
```

For development purposes, you can set static Wi-Fi credentials configuration using the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC` - This option enables static Wi-Fi configuration.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_SSID` - Wi-Fi SSID.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_PASSWORD` - Wi-Fi password.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_TYPE_OPEN` - Wi-Fi network uses no password.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_TYPE_PSK` - Wi-Fi network uses a password and PSK security (default).
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_TYPE_PSK_SHA256` - Wi-Fi network uses a password and PSK-256 security.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_STATIC_TYPE_SAE` - Wi-Fi network uses a password and SAE security.

Usage
*****

> 

Reviewer: Might be good to add an introductory sentence here.

Author: done

.. code-block:: c

   int ret;

   struct net_if *iface = net_if_get_default();
   int rc = net_mgmt(NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED, iface, NULL, 0);

   if (rc) {
      printk("an error occurred when trying to auto-connect to a network. err: %d", rc);
   }

Limitations
***********

The library has the following limitations:

* It can only be used with Nordic's ``hostap``-based Wi-Fi stack.

>   The WiFi configuration is highly vendor-specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Wi-Fi configuration is highly vendor-specific.
```

* The commands ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT`` and ``NET_REQUEST_WIFI_CONNECT_STORED`` clear the list of configured Wi-Fi networks in RAM.
  Automatic connection has to be requested again after directly requesting connection to a specific network.

API documentation
*****************

| Header file: :file:`include/net/wifi_mgmt_ext.h`

> | Source files: :file:`subsys/net/lib/wifi_mgmt_ext`

Author: done

> | Source files: :file:`subsys/net/lib/wifi_mgmt_ext`

Reviewer: I don't see the doxygen group here.
